This is just a fun thing to do while I learn D3D9. I'll try to evolve my skills with projects as I do and try to keep the resulting code easy to use, but easy enough to read.

Current features:
-default window that takes the entire usable screen, option for fullscreen, wraps user window procedure in its own
-would like to have the library's window procedure be easier to make use of with custom windows
-library wndproc handles resetting an invalid device via detail::Message::ResetDevice (WM_USER)
-would like to add things to library wndproc to keep track of keyboard and mouse input

-message loop or threaded message loop, latter runs supplied function in a new thread, which allows drawing while moving/sizing the window
-default option of using spare time to sleep for remaining time until next frame
-default FPS of 30, but can be any arithmetic value, and is reference, ergo changes as variable does

-initialization wrapped up
-optional multithreaded
-easy render state manipulation
-enum class versions of enums
-scene class ctor/dtor will clear and present
-vertex buffer wrapped with premade POD-with-constructor vertex types
-translation, rotation, scaling, projection, and perspective transformations wrapped

-exceptions as prime form of error handling
-contain error code, message, location


This project is very C++11-reliant. I'm glad to say I don't have to keep backward-compatibility with code that is years old, as it's all fresh. I plan on using C++14 as soon as possible.

This is mainly compiled with GCC. At the time of writing, I use the MinGWBuilds GCC 4.8.1, which has standard threading that works on Windows. I'm fairly pedantic with warnings, and I aim for a clean build with at least -Wall, -Wextra, and -pedantic, as well as -Wno-missing-field-initializers.

This project relies on my stdx and dxutil libraries, which I started with this. stdx is for things that can be implemented without any non-standard headers, and dxutil is for DirectX utilities that I think will be used the same way for D3D9 as they will for D3D10, D3D11, DSound, DShow, etc.

As of now, the project does not rely on Boost. I won't hesitate too much to add Boost, but might get rid of dependencies on it if it's trivial to do so.

---

All of the source code is distributed under the Boost Software License:

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
